08/10/1994 05:02 - Adjust 8.00 - Julian day 2449574.38
10/01/1994 23:46 GMT - Julian day 2449627.49

356 Conjunction Mercury - Jupiter

Positive short-term aspect: Your vision is excellent today. You are able to see the "big picture." A good time to get or give advice. Also a good time to take care of current problems, paperwork, or legal and educational matters, to fill in details of travel plans, and for publishing and promotional work.

265 Sextile Moon - Mars

Positive brief aspect: This can be time of emotional arousal, energy, and a need for more excitement in your life.

215 Conjunction Uranus - Uranus

Positive aspect: There will certainly be a change in your life, and most likely, a change for the better. You are answering to yourself more and more, as you are less concerned with the approval of others. The key is not taking this to extremes, and fortunately, this trend helps you free yourself from certain restrictions and yet stay grounded.

199 Conjunction Saturn - Saturn

Positive aspect: Everything depends on the position of Saturn in the birth chart. Nothing outstanding, extraordinary or unlucky is likely to happen--sometimes this aspect coincides with a time of dead calm. You might be a little more stable and serious at this time. A rather lackluster period--time works for you and you just have to wait for a more energizing transit, although this restful one can also be appreciated.

178 Conjunction Uranus - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: Your faith in yourself and reduced materialism helps you during this transit that can last several months. Intuition and inspiration serve you well. Spirituality can be awakened in enlightening ways.

149 Conjunction Neptune - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: This influence generally doesn't have a strong effect on the material level. This can be a time of discovering your more creative, spiritual, or dreamy needs, talents, and interests. There can be less interest in material affairs and more attention to artistic or spiritual activities and goals.

143 Conjunction Neptune - Uranus

Positive long-term aspect: This is a period when you are more interested in everything around you, in your social life, and in your community. You are more aware of the problems of society, and your more idealistic side is stimulated in a pleasant manner.

-110 Opposition Venus - Lilith

Challenging short-term aspect: Your loving feelings are excited at this time. A passionate time that can make you forget the needs of everyday life, and this is a bit worrying! Irritations in a relationship can emerge. A partner may frustrate you right now because of the little stresses of daily life, habits etc. You may want to live intensely on a sexual plane, to explore the depths of your desires, but this may only be a whim. Alternatively, you want more meaningful experiences and pleasures now, but it is best not to jump into or out of something too quickly now.

93 Trine Neptune - Moon

Positive long-term aspect: You are enjoying a period when dreams shall be king! You may spend a lot of time dreaming. Your imagination, by day and by night, knows few limits. You may not achieve very much in a literal level; this is more a time of reflection. You are more intuitive and sensitive. You seek peace and quiet to devote yourself to your dreams.

This is a time for exploring your creative, imaginative, romantic, idealistic, and artistic needs. You are more sensitive, compassionate, psychic, forgiving, imaginative, aware, and intuitive. These things open up new opportunities for expressing yourself creatively and imaginatively, as well as for healing. Your whims are fanciful. The trine and sextile feel more subtle and flowing, while the conjunction can be more intense and initially confusing.

89 Trine Saturn - Jupiter

Positive longer-term aspect: You can enjoy a most respectable period in your life now. You are demonstrating more respect for rules, structures, or the law. You are inclined to lead an irreproachable life with honesty. Your outlook is middle of the road.

You can put your ideas into practice in a positive and realistic fashion during the several months of this transit. You are able to take advantage of support that helps you along. You are much appreciated at work or for your efforts, and you can receive rewards now. You are finding ways to achieve your goals or you might put an idea or dream into reality. Your sense of proportion or balance is impeccable. It's a good time to settle matters and work on long-term projects. You enjoy completing tasks and benefit from doing things step by step.

-88 Square Moon - Pluto

Challenging brief aspect: Situations now seem to awaken strong feelings and possibly worries and concerns. It's a brief and frequently occurring aspect that suggests some temporary emotional entanglement. If you're dealing with jealousy, let it point you to a desire you didn't know you had.

86 Trine Lilith - Moon

Positive aspect: You can be delving back into the past to solve problems you have suppressed, hidden, or put aside. Certain habits take up too much time, limit you, and make you dependent, so you may decide to start from scratch.

-84 Opposition Jupiter - Lilith

Challenging aspect: You might re-examine your work, asking yourself whether you are truly doing well or whether a particular person in your life is truly trustworthy. It may be better to take a break and think things all the way through instead of doing something regrettable or impulsive. Keep in mind that you may be seeing a problem in an exaggerated way just for now.

78 Sextile Saturn - Midheaven

Positive longer-term aspect: You are socially successful at this time. The goal you have aimed for is achieved, after many years of work or of rigor and application. Your success is not only thanks to your ability to work or your patience but also because you have learned from experience. You are looked up to and respected, and your confidence in others is well-placed. This is a good time for gaining the respect of others. The conjunction is a pinnacle time for achievement and recognition--this transit marks a climax or turning point.

73 Conjunction Pluto - Pluto

Positive long-term aspect: This is a time of a renewed sense of purpose. You can feel excited about your resources, talents, creative vision, and passions. You feel strongly that you can make a difference.

19 Opposition Lilith - Lunar node

A very good period. You seem to be walking straight ahead, coping with problems as they come and go, and drawing upon the necessary self-control. You might commit yourself completely and get to the very end of an objective you have set for yourself, with success. At no time do you hide an unpleasant reality from yourself, and this self-honesty can be intense at times, but ultimately rewarding.

16 Trine Lilith - Neptune

Positive aspect: A period when it's best to lay low, seeking peace and tranquility. Your dreaming world and intuition could be fruitful as they can help guide you along the right path. You are tapping in to your unconscious. It can be difficult to free yourself from the need to dream as much as you might try now. You are especially sensitive to everything around you. At times, it can be hard to distinguish between a dream and reality. As such, it's better to keep some things to yourself for now and to watch for being misled.