08/10/1994 05:02 - Adjust 8.00 - Julian day 2449574.38
08/01/1994 18:14 GMT - Julian day 2449566.26

369 Conjunction Jupiter - Jupiter

Positive longer-term aspect: You seem to have a lot of luck. You may meet pleasant people who are fun to be with, or there are happier pastimes and moments. You are good-humored, optimistic, funny, attractive, delighted, radiant, and lively. Your professional life is easier, or at least, goes along with fewer complications. Success comes more readily and there can be some material rewards, a money boost, or a significant gift/bonus. You may take advantage of this by improving comfort levels. You have a sense that helps you grab opportunities.

304 Conjunction Saturn - Saturn

Positive aspect: Everything depends on the position of Saturn in the birth chart. Nothing outstanding, extraordinary or unlucky is likely to happen--sometimes this aspect coincides with a time of dead calm. You might be a little more stable and serious at this time. A rather lackluster period--time works for you and you just have to wait for a more energizing transit, although this restful one can also be appreciated.

233 Conjunction Uranus - Uranus

Positive aspect: There will certainly be a change in your life, and most likely, a change for the better. You are answering to yourself more and more, as you are less concerned with the approval of others. The key is not taking this to extremes, and fortunately, this trend helps you free yourself from certain restrictions and yet stay grounded.

161 Conjunction Neptune - Uranus

Positive long-term aspect: This is a period when you are more interested in everything around you, in your social life, and in your community. You are more aware of the problems of society, and your more idealistic side is stimulated in a pleasant manner.

157 Conjunction Neptune - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: This influence generally doesn't have a strong effect on the material level. This can be a time of discovering your more creative, spiritual, or dreamy needs, talents, and interests. There can be less interest in material affairs and more attention to artistic or spiritual activities and goals.

151 Conjunction Uranus - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: Your faith in yourself and reduced materialism helps you during this transit that can last several months. Intuition and inspiration serve you well. Spirituality can be awakened in enlightening ways.

136 Trine Moon - Venus

Positive brief aspect: You are looking to harmonize, blend, and cooperate. You are more attractive or compromising. Feelings are strong and affections feel good. A good time for romance, decorating, pampering, beauty treatments, parties, and social events. Listen to your heart.

-135 Square Mars - Moon

Challenging short-term aspect: This can be a time when you're very quick to become annoyed and easily provoked. Impatience can be a problem now. You can be in a disagreeable mood if you aren't getting your way. You are capable of some childish or impulsive reactions during this transit. Tempers may flare, domestic squabbles are possible, and you can be feeling under the weather. Watch that you're not instigating or looking for an argument or a quarrel. The household could be stormy now. Tone down abrasiveness. Look deeper for the true source of your irritation.

96 Trine Venus - Uranus

Positive short-term aspect: You are craving excitement, or you are surprised by someone on a social/romantic level. You may meet someone new who is very original. Pleasant surprises, a breath of fresh air. You are craving emotional excitement, stimulation, and something new and alive. This is a time for music, dancing, and joyful spontaneity. Your social inhibitions loosen, and you may be tempted to have a wild flirtation or to act in a rather carefree way. A good time to enjoy new things or gaining new interests.

-90 Opposition Jupiter - Midheaven

Challenging aspect: This may be a time when you're not succeeding through your efforts but through the support you have built up around yourself for this purpose. Or, professional successes can happen now, but they can be debatable. Your personal life is distracting or interefering with your professional life or your responsibilities.

Watch out for the competition during the weeks of this transit. Your ambition can be greater than your current means or ability at your disposal, which may cause problems if you can't meet your commitments. This can be a time when your reputation counts more than your qualifications, even if that doesn't make sense, so aim to ride it out.

80 Conjunction Pluto - Pluto

Positive long-term aspect: This is a time of a renewed sense of purpose. You can feel excited about your resources, talents, creative vision, and passions. You feel strongly that you can make a difference.

-71 Square Lilith - Mercury

Challenging aspect: You seek to meet new people or to go to places you haven't been before--you are yearning for a change of scenery. It may not be a good time for easy acceptance with brand new friends who may not understand you very well. It is better to make little changes than big sweeps now.

70 Trine Mercury - Pluto

Positive short-term aspect: You are likely to discover the truth of a matter or get to a better understanding of a situation, and it is to your advantage. You are persuasive or your ideas and outlook change for the better. Develop a strategy and be patient now. Sound plans can be made.