08/10/1994 05:02 - Adjust 8.00 - Julian day 2449574.38
09/01/1994 18:16 GMT - Julian day 2449597.26

3293 Sextile Moon - Moon

Positive brief aspect: Feelings are promiment. Life is more colorful and you are especially sensitive. Something or someone speaks your emotional language now. A better time to bond with others and to take care of domestic matters.

280 Conjunction Jupiter - Jupiter

Positive longer-term aspect: You seem to have a lot of luck. You may meet pleasant people who are fun to be with, or there are happier pastimes and moments. You are good-humored, optimistic, funny, attractive, delighted, radiant, and lively. Your professional life is easier, or at least, goes along with fewer complications. Success comes more readily and there can be some material rewards, a money boost, or a significant gift/bonus. You may take advantage of this by improving comfort levels. You have a sense that helps you grab opportunities.

267 Conjunction Saturn - Saturn

Positive aspect: Everything depends on the position of Saturn in the birth chart. Nothing outstanding, extraordinary or unlucky is likely to happen--sometimes this aspect coincides with a time of dead calm. You might be a little more stable and serious at this time. A rather lackluster period--time works for you and you just have to wait for a more energizing transit, although this restful one can also be appreciated.

-231 Opposition Sun - Saturn

Challenging short-term aspect: Something or someone blocks your flow today. This can be an external or psychological block that you need to navigate. Be patient and avoid forcing things today.

224 Conjunction Uranus - Uranus

Positive aspect: There will certainly be a change in your life, and most likely, a change for the better. You are answering to yourself more and more, as you are less concerned with the approval of others. The key is not taking this to extremes, and fortunately, this trend helps you free yourself from certain restrictions and yet stay grounded.

171 Conjunction Uranus - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: Your faith in yourself and reduced materialism helps you during this transit that can last several months. Intuition and inspiration serve you well. Spirituality can be awakened in enlightening ways.

153 Conjunction Neptune - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: This influence generally doesn't have a strong effect on the material level. This can be a time of discovering your more creative, spiritual, or dreamy needs, talents, and interests. There can be less interest in material affairs and more attention to artistic or spiritual activities and goals.

-151 Opposition Moon - Neptune

Challenging brief aspect: A bit of confusion or emotional chaos is possible but also temporary. In the hours of this brief and frequently occurring transit, it may be best to avoid locking something down. All is not as it seems right now.

150 Sextile Mercury - Pluto

Positive short-term aspect: You are likely to discover the truth of a matter or get to a better understanding of a situation, and it is to your advantage. You are persuasive or your ideas and outlook change for the better. Develop a strategy and be patient now. Sound plans can be made.

148 Conjunction Neptune - Uranus

Positive long-term aspect: This is a period when you are more interested in everything around you, in your social life, and in your community. You are more aware of the problems of society, and your more idealistic side is stimulated in a pleasant manner.

-124 Square Mercury - Mars

Challenging short-term aspect: You have lots of energy but you might act without thinking of the consequences. There can be some problems due to this haste or your uncontrolled tongue! Irritable moods.

120 Trine Venus - Mars

Positive short-term aspect: You might be very attracted to someone on a romantic level. Someone who is your "type" or with a strong personality can figure strongly. This is a good day to begin or develop a project, to meet new people, or to smooth over problems in existing relationships. Sexual and romantic activities are favored today with the trine and sextile aspect. With the conjunction, watch for sensationalizing your feelings. While it's an exciting time for relationships and personal appeal, decisions made now could be too hasty.

95 Trine Mars - Saturn

Positive short-term aspect: You are very determined and energetic right now, but also patient, and this combination creates successful scenarios. You are feeling strong and able to carry out your plans. You can be hard and unshakeable in your decisions. You realize your plans with the willpower to overcome any resistance.

90 Trine Neptune - Moon

Positive long-term aspect: You are enjoying a period when dreams shall be king! You may spend a lot of time dreaming. Your imagination, by day and by night, knows few limits. You may not achieve very much in a literal level; this is more a time of reflection. You are more intuitive and sensitive. You seek peace and quiet to devote yourself to your dreams.

This is a time for exploring your creative, imaginative, romantic, idealistic, and artistic needs. You are more sensitive, compassionate, psychic, forgiving, imaginative, aware, and intuitive. These things open up new opportunities for expressing yourself creatively and imaginatively, as well as for healing. Your whims are fanciful. The trine and sextile feel more subtle and flowing, while the conjunction can be more intense and initially confusing.

82 Trine Jupiter - Saturn

Positive longer-term aspect: Difficulties and hurdles can disappear now thanks to unexpected help. Life can suddenly become easier, simpler. Business gets into shape and follows its normal course or problems minimize. You are more compassionate with yourself and generous. You are not as strict in your assessments or black and white in your viewpoint in a particular area of your life.

78 Conjunction Pluto - Pluto

Positive long-term aspect: This is a time of a renewed sense of purpose. You can feel excited about your resources, talents, creative vision, and passions. You feel strongly that you can make a difference.

-68 Opposition Jupiter - Midheaven

Challenging aspect: This may be a time when you're not succeeding through your efforts but through the support you have built up around yourself for this purpose. Or, professional successes can happen now, but they can be debatable. Your personal life is distracting or interefering with your professional life or your responsibilities.

Watch out for the competition during the weeks of this transit. Your ambition can be greater than your current means or ability at your disposal, which may cause problems if you can't meet your commitments. This can be a time when your reputation counts more than your qualifications, even if that doesn't make sense, so aim to ride it out.