08/10/1994 05:02 - Adjust 8.00 - Julian day 2449574.38
11/01/1994 00:11 GMT - Julian day 2449657.51

622 Conjunction Moon - Venus

Positive brief aspect: You are looking to harmonize, blend, and cooperate. You are more attractive or compromising. Feelings are strong and affections feel good. A good time for romance, decorating, pampering, beauty treatments, parties, and social events. Listen to your heart.

515 Conjunction Sun - Jupiter

Positive short-term aspect: All things considered, your timing or confidence are strong now, leading to good outcomes. You are motivated and you're guided by a strong inner direction.

515 Conjunction Mars - Mercury

Positive aspect: You feel in top form, energetic, and sharp. You want to move about, go out, and meet new people. You seem to know how to express your ideas in a good-humored way, frankly, sincerely, and convincingly. Generally a good time for business with the possibility of new contracts. This is a fine time to get going on a project or for doing some studying. Your ideas are original, and you want to go your own way with them.

330 Conjunction Mars - Sun

Positive aspect: A period when you may be in top physical shape. From a mental point of view, thanks to your physical form, you can be full of go, confidence, and ready to do a thousand things. You may be full of bravado, courageous, determined, and bubbly. You have more confidence in your ability to get things done, and you are not inclined to stop long enough to doubt yourself.

You should harness this energy and take advantage of this time to tackle projects or problems. Difficulties can disappear - things that previously stumped you might now seem obvious to you. Things are more black and white.

During this period that typically lasts a few days, you are more likely to succeed in what you take on and you're inclined to finish all your jobs. Very good time to enter a competition, whether for sport or business. Some of you might begin a love affair now.

224 Conjunction Uranus - Uranus

Positive aspect: There will certainly be a change in your life, and most likely, a change for the better. You are answering to yourself more and more, as you are less concerned with the approval of others. The key is not taking this to extremes, and fortunately, this trend helps you free yourself from certain restrictions and yet stay grounded.

170 Conjunction Uranus - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: Your faith in yourself and reduced materialism helps you during this transit that can last several months. Intuition and inspiration serve you well. Spirituality can be awakened in enlightening ways.

153 Conjunction Neptune - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: This influence generally doesn't have a strong effect on the material level. This can be a time of discovering your more creative, spiritual, or dreamy needs, talents, and interests. There can be less interest in material affairs and more attention to artistic or spiritual activities and goals.

150 Conjunction Jupiter - Pluto

Positive longer-term aspect: Events occurring now put you in touch with your deeper desires and perhaps your darker side. It's a time of useful and perhaps intense self-discovery. You can be impatient with the superficial. You are extremely resourceful and might come up with a great idea for a new venture. It's a good time for business, attracting customers, making sales, and improving your reputation or recognition.

148 Conjunction Neptune - Uranus

Positive long-term aspect: This is a period when you are more interested in everything around you, in your social life, and in your community. You are more aware of the problems of society, and your more idealistic side is stimulated in a pleasant manner.

133 Sextile Jupiter - Neptune

Positive longer-term aspect: This is a subtle but good period. You see everything through rose-tinted spectacles, but for the most part, you are attaching yourself to the right pursuits. You are optimistic and spirited. Life is good, and you must take advantage of this. Unless there are difficult concurrent transits, professional or emotional worries tend to decrease or disappear - all's for the best in the best of all possible worlds. You are calm and relaxed enough to allow good things to come to you. There may be a significant vacation. Spiritual study or satisfying new interests are especially rewarding now.

-104 Opposition Venus - Lilith

Challenging short-term aspect: Your loving feelings are excited at this time. A passionate time that can make you forget the needs of everyday life, and this is a bit worrying! Irritations in a relationship can emerge. A partner may frustrate you right now because of the little stresses of daily life, habits etc. You may want to live intensely on a sexual plane, to explore the depths of your desires, but this may only be a whim. Alternatively, you want more meaningful experiences and pleasures now, but it is best not to jump into or out of something too quickly now.

99 Trine Venus - Saturn

Positive short-term aspect: Problems are resolved with few or no difficulties, and everything is likely to fit into place. You appreciate your responsibilities and the rewards they bring.

-97 Square Mercury - Neptune

Challenging short-term aspect: A time when distractions and dreams can lead you astray or you may lose some contact with reality. You can be prone to forgetfulness today. You might trust people who do not at all deserve it. Watch for taking dreams and wishes for reality.

90 Trine Neptune - Moon

Positive long-term aspect: You are enjoying a period when dreams shall be king! You may spend a lot of time dreaming. Your imagination, by day and by night, knows few limits. You may not achieve very much in a literal level; this is more a time of reflection. You are more intuitive and sensitive. You seek peace and quiet to devote yourself to your dreams.

This is a time for exploring your creative, imaginative, romantic, idealistic, and artistic needs. You are more sensitive, compassionate, psychic, forgiving, imaginative, aware, and intuitive. These things open up new opportunities for expressing yourself creatively and imaginatively, as well as for healing. Your whims are fanciful. The trine and sextile feel more subtle and flowing, while the conjunction can be more intense and initially confusing.

77 Trine Saturn - Jupiter

Positive longer-term aspect: You can enjoy a most respectable period in your life now. You are demonstrating more respect for rules, structures, or the law. You are inclined to lead an irreproachable life with honesty. Your outlook is middle of the road.

You can put your ideas into practice in a positive and realistic fashion during the several months of this transit. You are able to take advantage of support that helps you along. You are much appreciated at work or for your efforts, and you can receive rewards now. You are finding ways to achieve your goals or you might put an idea or dream into reality. Your sense of proportion or balance is impeccable. It's a good time to settle matters and work on long-term projects. You enjoy completing tasks and benefit from doing things step by step.

65 Conjunction Pluto - Pluto

Positive long-term aspect: This is a time of a renewed sense of purpose. You can feel excited about your resources, talents, creative vision, and passions. You feel strongly that you can make a difference.

-54 Square Mars - Lilith

Challenging short-term aspect: You might feel that you are in full control, wanting to throw yourself into whatever you are doing, but you can be too impatient and too impulsive in words and deeds. You could be clumsy now, both literally and figuratively speaking.

29 Trine Lilith - Uranus

Positive aspect: You need to express yourself authentically, without limits and restrictions. A blast of freedom pushes you forward. Everything works when you are feeling good. Your self-confidence builds, and you have fine sense of your limits, but you are pushing the boundaries just a little--just enough to make wonderful advances.

16 Trine Lilith - Neptune

Positive aspect: A period when it's best to lay low, seeking peace and tranquility. Your dreaming world and intuition could be fruitful as they can help guide you along the right path. You are tapping in to your unconscious. It can be difficult to free yourself from the need to dream as much as you might try now. You are especially sensitive to everything around you. At times, it can be hard to distinguish between a dream and reality. As such, it's better to keep some things to yourself for now and to watch for being misled.

-15 Opposition Lilith - Pluto

This is a time for awakening your subconscious on a profound level. You are working on greater self-acceptance, but it can feel disruptive at times. If you are partnered, it may seem difficult to realize your fantasies if habit, time, and daily chores have transformed your relationship. This may be a time for seeking some extra intensity by making a pleasant fuss, rekindling the fire in a current relationship, or discovering new pleasures and activities that satisfy you. Watch for overdoing this as actions taken now may seem extreme later.
