12/01/1994 07:15 GMT - Julian day 2449687.80
321 Conjunction Venus - Jupiter

Positive aspect: Good period. You are in a good mood, business should go well, love life relatively smooth, and your spirits are good. You are appreciating the finer things in life and expanding your horizons. Generally, you are in good humor and others seem to see you in a good light. You are generous with yourself and others now.

262 Sextile Mercury - Venus

Positive short-term aspect: This can be a time for an amorous adventure or travel to see your heart's choice. This transit can put you in a good mood. Keep things light today. Express your affection, and focus on harmony.

230 Conjunction Uranus - Uranus

Positive aspect: There will certainly be a change in your life, and most likely, a change for the better. You are answering to yourself more and more, as you are less concerned with the approval of others. The key is not taking this to extremes, and fortunately, this trend helps you free yourself from certain restrictions and yet stay grounded.

170 Conjunction Jupiter - Pluto

Positive longer-term aspect: Events occurring now put you in touch with your deeper desires and perhaps your darker side. It's a time of useful and perhaps intense self-discovery. You can be impatient with the superficial. You are extremely resourceful and might come up with a great idea for a new venture. It's a good time for business, attracting customers, making sales, and improving your reputation or recognition.

162 Conjunction Neptune - Uranus

Positive long-term aspect: This is a period when you are more interested in everything around you, in your social life, and in your community. You are more aware of the problems of society, and your more idealistic side is stimulated in a pleasant manner.

-159 Opposition Moon - Lilith

Challenging brief aspect: Beware of a tendency to overreact or to go to extremes now. An emotional confrontation is possible. Your moods can affect your interactions. Unresolved emotional issues seem to crop up. Sorting them out can help resolve relationship problems.

156 Conjunction Neptune - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: This influence generally doesn't have a strong effect on the material level. This can be a time of discovering your more creative, spiritual, or dreamy needs, talents, and interests. There can be less interest in material affairs and more attention to artistic or spiritual activities and goals.

149 Conjunction Uranus - Neptune

Positive long-term aspect: Your faith in yourself and reduced materialism helps you during this transit that can last several months. Intuition and inspiration serve you well. Spirituality can be awakened in enlightening ways.

81 Trine Saturn - Jupiter

Positive longer-term aspect: You can enjoy a most respectable period in your life now. You are demonstrating more respect for rules, structures, or the law. You are inclined to lead an irreproachable life with honesty. Your outlook is middle of the road.

You can put your ideas into practice in a positive and realistic fashion during the several months of this transit. You are able to take advantage of support that helps you along. You are much appreciated at work or for your efforts, and you can receive rewards now. You are finding ways to achieve your goals or you might put an idea or dream into reality. Your sense of proportion or balance is impeccable. It's a good time to settle matters and work on long-term projects. You enjoy completing tasks and benefit from doing things step by step.

65 Sextile Saturn - Midheaven

Positive longer-term aspect: You are socially successful at this time. The goal you have aimed for is achieved, after many years of work or of rigor and application. Your success is not only thanks to your ability to work or your patience but also because you have learned from experience. You are looked up to and respected, and your confidence in others is well-placed. This is a good time for gaining the respect of others. The conjunction is a pinnacle time for achievement and recognition--this transit marks a climax or turning point.

55 Conjunction Pluto - Pluto

Positive long-term aspect: This is a time of a renewed sense of purpose. You can feel excited about your resources, talents, creative vision, and passions. You feel strongly that you can make a difference.

-17 Opposition Lilith - Pluto

This is a time for awakening your subconscious on a profound level. You are working on greater self-acceptance, but it can feel disruptive at times. If you are partnered, it may seem difficult to realize your fantasies if habit, time, and daily chores have transformed your relationship. This may be a time for seeking some extra intensity by making a pleasant fuss, rekindling the fire in a current relationship, or discovering new pleasures and activities that satisfy you. Watch for overdoing this as actions taken now may seem extreme later.
